                   Difference between HTTP1.1 and HTTP2

HTTP 1.1 and HTTP 2 are different versions of the Hypertext Transfer protocol, 
which is used for communications between web browsers and servers

HTTP 1.1 was designed in the later of 1990's. It has only one request can be sent to 
TCP connection at a time, leading to the head of line blocking problem.

HTTP 2 was designed by 2015. It has allows multiple requests and responses to be sent
concurrenctly over a single TCP connection, eliminating the need for multiple connections
and improving performance

HTTP 1.1 was using the plain text for its protocol, which can be inefficient in terms
of parsing and processing

HTTP 2 is using for the binary protocol, which is more efficient for the client and
servers. The binary framing format is more efficient and reduces overhead.

HTTP 1 is sends headers with each request and response, resulting in redundant data
transfer.

HTTP 2 headers are compressed using a technique called HPACK. This compression reduce the
overhead associated with header fields, and resulting is faster and more efficient data
transmissing.

HTTP 1.1 was each request and response cycle, the TCP connection is closed by default,
and subsequent requests require establishing a new connection.

HTTP 2 is allowing multiple requests and responses to be served over the same connections 
for each request, it was introduce the server push, it is allowed to the server to send additional
resources for without waiting for the client. This feature helps to more efficient resource delivery.


                    OBJECTS AND ITS INTERNAL REPRESENTATION IN JAVASCRIPT

An object is one of the important datatype in javascript. 

An object is key value pair structure in javascript, and non-primitive or reference datatype.    
The value was stored in the object was reference address.

sytax:
var objectname = { 
    key1:value,
    key2:value, 
    keyn:value
};

To accessing value in javascript object is two types
objectname.key1;
objectname["key2"];

Same as different operation to perform the object in javascript. ie update,
delete, and insert operations.

update:
objectname.key1=new value;

insert:
objectname.key3=value;

delete:
delete objectname.key2;

The javascript is created to the every method is called as an object to 
identify.



